Oh
you
hello everyone my name is no Josie we
just finished come back to the studio we
made a song called take me down
featuring up voice well be featured me
let's see how the boys kind of did a
collab oh I'm fresh out here and not a
seven
flew in from Hawaii my family's down
here I got family California as well
just basically just make it music you
know that's what that's what it's all
about nothing no beef no nothing she's
all about making music that's where my
heart set no she's going solo you know
pursuing my passion which is music and
you know as well as a voice they're
planning to come out we did get please
solo but I'm gonna be looking forward
for more imma BL suddenly I'm gonna have
some croissants coming out probably by
the end of this year so who was the
party yeah somebody and the song smell
take me down for muscle again for
Melbourne peace out fans yeah did you
play that one song you've been here so
long for the special one do it for the
love but I'll take the pain you like
give it to my heart let me explain st. I
need you
anywhere that you might be if you knew
how much you actually me let's get Wendy
baby come to take me down make me down
take me down somebody come take me down
I've been dancing on my just waiting on
you to come take me down take me down
somebody take me down I've been dancing
on a man so Moses let their own damn
falafel boys man she said was her
brain's I saw your man tokio we did it
though let nothing